Write API kinds without code style (#44126)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/style/style-guide.md

## Inline code formatting

### Use code style for inline code, commands {#code-style-inline-code}

> For inline code in an HTML document, use the `<code>` tag. In a Markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For inline code in an HTML document, surround it with the `<code>` `</code>` tag. In a Markdown
```
I think that's what @kbhawkey is talking about . Right?

> document, use the backtick (`` ` ``). However, API kinds such as StatefulSet

Reviewer 2: nit: surround the code with backticks or use a set of backticks. It's obviously not one backtick or one `<code>` tag.

> document, use the backtick (`` ` ``). However, API kinds such as StatefulSet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For inline code in an HTML document, surround it with the `<code>` `</code>` tag. In a Markdown
```
I think that's what @kbhawkey is talking about . Right?

Reviewer: Sure,agreed.
For a purely new contributor the explanation of both opening and closing tag  will be helpful but for someone who is some experience in HTML will know this simple logic.

Author: The text:
> ```
> document, use the backtick (`` ` ``)
> ```

is not changed in this PR. Because it's part of what I'm not changing, I propose we don't need to discuss that part much further. Does that sound reasonable?

Reviewer: sure

or ConfigMap are written verbatim (no backticks); this allows using possessive
apostrophes.

{{< table caption = "Do and Don't - Use code style for inline code, commands, and API objects" >}}
Do | Don't
:--| :-----
The `kubectl run` command creates a `Pod`. | The "kubectl run" command creates a pod.
The kubelet on each node acquires a `Lease`… | The kubelet on each node acquires a lease…

> A PersistentVolume represents durable storage… | A `PersistentVolume` represents durable storage…

Reviewer 2: nit: Do you intend to remove the code blocks around Pod and Lease too?

{{< /table >}}

However, consider quoting values where there is a risk that readers might confuse the value
with an API kind.

## Referring to Kubernetes API resources

This section talks about how we reference API resources in the documentation.

### Clarification about "resource"

Kubernetes uses the word "resource" to refer to API resources, such as `pod`,
`deployment`, and so on. Documentation also uses "resource" to talk about CPU and memory
requests and limits. Always refer to API resources as "API resources" to avoid
confusion with CPU and memory resources, or with other kinds of resource.

### When to use Kubernetes API terminologies

The different Kubernetes API terminologies are:

- _API kinds_: the name used in the API URL (such as `pods`, `namespaces`).
  API kinds are sometimes also called _resource types_.
- _API resource_: a single instance of an API kind (such as `pod`, `secret`).
- _Object_: a resource that serves as a "record of intent". An object is a desired
  state for a specific part of your cluster, which the Kubernetes control plane tries to maintain.
  All objects in the Kubernetes API are also resources.

> If it helps clarity, you can add "resource" or "object" when referring to an API resource in docs.

Reviewer 3: Nit: If it helps clarify? Or if it helps with clarity?

Reviewer: or `For clarity, you can add "resource" or "object" when referring to an API resource in docs.`

Author: This abbreviates / elides:
_If it helps with [the] clarity [of documentation that you writing], &hellip;_

Author: I want to emphasize that you usually wouldn't add these. Maybe I'll be explicit.

Author: How's the updated text?

Set the value of the `replicas` field to 2. | Set the value of the `replicas` field to `2`.
{{< /table >}}

However, consider quoting values where there is a risk that readers might confuse the value
with an API kind.

## Referring to Kubernetes API resources

This section talks about how we reference API resources in the documentation.

### Clarification about "resource"

Kubernetes uses the word "resource" to refer to API resources, such as `pod`,

> `deployment`, and so on. Documentation also uses "resource" to talk about CPU and memory

Reviewer 2: nit: I'm confused by the formatting of pod and deployment in this section.

Author: I reworded; how's this?

requests and limits. Always refer to API resources as "API resources" to avoid
confusion with CPU and memory resources, or with other kinds of resource.

### When to use Kubernetes API terminologies

The different Kubernetes API terminologies are:

- _API kinds_: the name used in the API URL (such as `pods`, `namespaces`).
  API kinds are sometimes also called _resource types_.
- _API resource_: a single instance of an API kind (such as `pod`, `secret`).
- _Object_: a resource that serves as a "record of intent". An object is a desired
  state for a specific part of your cluster, which the Kubernetes control plane tries to maintain.
  All objects in the Kubernetes API are also resources.

For clarity, you can add "resource" or "object" when referring to an API resource in docs.

> As an example, write "a Secret object" over just "a Secret".

Reviewer 2: nit: Missing `the` in the phrase, `when referring to an API resource in docs.` 
nit: remove `over just` and  possibly change to `instead of`

Author: How's this now?
